#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
blis==0.7.5
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   textacy
catalogue==1.0.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via qrmine (setup.py)
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
cytoolz==0.11.2
    # via textacy
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.41.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.5.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imbalanced-learn==0.8.1
    # via qrmine (setup.py)
jellyfish==0.8.9
    # via textacy
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   mlxtend
    #   scikit-learn
    #   textacy
keras==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
libclang==12.0.0
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via
    #   mlxtend
    #   qrmine (setup.py)
mlxtend==0.19.0
    # via qrmine (setup.py)
murmurhash==1.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
networkx==2.6.3
    # via textacy
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   blis
    #   h5py
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlxtend
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyemd
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   textacy
    #   thinc
    #   xgboost
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
pandas==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mlxtend
    #   qrmine (setup.py)
pillow==9.0.1
    # via matplotlib
plac==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
preshed==3.0.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyemd==0.5.1
    # via textacy
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via matplotlib
pyphen==0.11.0
    # via textacy
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   textacy
    #   vadersentiment
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.1
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   mlxtend
    #   qrmine (setup.py)
    #   textacy
scipy==1.7.2
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   mlxtend
    #   scikit-learn
    #   textacy
    #   xgboost
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
spacy==2.3.7
    # via
    #   qrmine (setup.py)
    #   textacy
srsly==1.0.5
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   textacy
    #   thinc
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.7.0
    # via qrmine (setup.py)
tensorflow-estimator==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.21.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
textacy==0.10.0
    # via qrmine (setup.py)
thinc==7.4.5
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
toolz==0.11.2
    # via cytoolz
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   textacy
    #   thinc
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
vadersentiment==3.3.2
    # via qrmine (setup.py)
wasabi==0.8.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via tensorflow
xgboost==1.5.0
    # via qrmine (setup.py)

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
